Product & Stock
1. Where are most of your products manufactured from?
Our products are locally and internationally sourced from various locations. This is to ensure that our customer receives the best quality in our products.

2. Where can I look for the reviews of the products that I want to purchase?
Reviews are currently not available on the online store. However, customers can visit our stores in Penang to have a better look at the products they want.

3. Can I trust the quality of GTree Company products?
Yes you can, GTree Company products are all hand-picked by us. Materials for each product are also stated clearly. If you are still unsure of the product’s quality, you are advised to visit our store in Penang to have a better look at the products. 

4. Is there a warranty for all the products being sold in GTree Company?
No, only selected items such as sofas, sofa beds, bed frames and mattresses have a warranty.

5. Can I customize GTree Company furniture?
No, we do not do customization at the moment.


Order & Payment
1. Can I earn tokens or points from purchasing in GTree Company during online shopping?
No, currently we do not offer any tokens or points during online shopping in GTree Company. 

2. Is there a referral program available in GTree Company online shopping?
No, currently we do not offer any referral program during online shopping in GTree Company.

3. Can I directly buy the product through the warehouse? 
No, our warehouse is not open to the public.

4. How do I check the delivery fees for different items?
Delivery fees depend on the weight of each item.

5. What are the online payment methods available while shopping in GTree Company?
The online payment methods available are Credit Card, Boost, GrabPay, TouchnGo eWallet and ShopeePay.

6. Is it secure when I submit my credit card information to GTree Company online store?
Of course. All the customers information are absolutely secure and encrypted on our server.

7. Is there any deposit needed when I purchase a product from GTree Company?
No, we only accept full payment. 



Shipping & Delivery
1. If I direct purchase through GTree Company online store, can I choose my delivery date?
Yes you may purchase directly on our online store. Delivery team will contact you to confirm on a suitable delivery date.

2. Can I purchase now and deliver months later?
Yes, we can store purchased items for customers up to 2 months.

3. Can I change my delivery date or time on the products that I bought?
Yes, you can call to change them but an advance notice of 3 working days will be needed. Please email customerservice@GTree Company-home.com to do so.

4. How does GTree Company deliver their goods?
We have our self delivery inclusive with installation service for furniture delivery in West Malaysia purchases. For East Malaysia we deliver through a courier or sea shipment for RM300 per trip and self installation is required.

5. Will GTree Company do quality checking before sending out my furniture?
Of course. We want to ensure that our customers receive the best of our products.

6. How do I track the estimation of delivery time on the products that I bought?
The goods will normally take around 10 – 14 working days to deliver depending on stock availability. Our delivery team will contact you 1 – 3 working days prior to the actual delivery date to schedule a delivery appointment. Made to order items would usually take around 5 – 6 weeks. Customers can also email us at customerservice@GTree Company-home.com if you are still unsure of the delivery time.

7. Is assembly service included after purchasing from GTree Company?
Yes, our professional furniture delivery team will help you assembly your product with no extra charges.

8. Can I ship to foreign countries?
No.Currently we only provide shipping within Malaysia due to Covid-19 pandemic. 

Exchange, Return & Refund
1. Can I return or exchange an item?
Yes, you can only for West Malaysia customers. We have a 14-Day satisfaction guarantee.

2. How does the 14-Day guarantee work?
 GTree Company offers a 14-day satisfaction guarantee policy in terms of exchanging or cancelling your order.

3. Does the 14-Day satisfaction guarantee apply to all the products in GTree Company?
No, this policy is for selected products only. 

4. What can I do if I have a problem with my new items?
Customers are guaranteed with a returns & refunds policy.

5. What should I do if I receive a damaged parcel, the wrong items or don’t receive my order at all?
If you believe the product you’ve ordered is damaged, the incorrect items have been delivered, or your order hasn’t arrived within the specified time frame, please email us at customerservice@GTree Company-home.com.

General Or Technical
1. Wait, I can’t find anything related and I am still not too sure!
No worries, you can contact us by sending us an email at customerservice@GTree Company-home.com we would be happy to help.